Hi folks. ! 

I am a Student of B.S ABDUR RAHAMAN UNIVERSITY,Chennai,India

This project was developed as part of Curriculum for the course Internet Programming Lab on Hopital Management System.

I have named it as BHARATH HOSPITAL.

Instructor
Mr.Shriram

Team Members
Nirmithraj Mithyanthaya
Mohammed Ashfaq


Here as a normal Website it consists of Gallery, Contact details, Facilities provided, Regional Language Support ( KANNADA) ,And user Accounts for Doctors and Employees. 

Doctors can check appointments,Surgery timings and patient details in their login whereas an Employee can Check room , Diet foods for respective patients.



So here are the Details about how to create Database.

1.I have used PHP for Database using Xamp server.

2.You have to download Xamp software

3.Once installed Run the software and turn on the Appache and MySql server in it.

4.Paste the whol project folder in C:\xampp\htdocs

5.Go to chrome Browser and type >>    localhost/phpmyadmin   <<

6.Now you will get the Php admin page.

7.now you have to create database with repect to my pages.i have 3 database one for DOCTOR, EMPLOYEE and   PATIENT REGISTRATION

8.Let me explain creation of DB for registration module alone as an example

          Step 1. Create a database with name same as mentioned in the coding part
          Step 2. Here for Patient Reg its > hospital <(Database name) under this new page as > reg <
          Step 3. Give the no of rows and columns and give ok (here its 5columns) 
          Step 4. Give appropriate names for each column. here its
                        first_name
                        last_name
                         DOB
                         contact
                          email
                           gender
                            nationality
                            occupation
                          home_addr
                          emg_addr
                         blood_group
               
8.Create the database with above exact names. (check out register1.php) Its register1.html but since its a Php DB to be run in php we have to save it as register1.php   format.

9.Well this is it for DB creation.

10. Now in chorme Browser type http://localhost/hospital/index.html

11.Here you get your website :) 

12. Apart from Reg form i mentioned above ,You need to create database for Login,doctors login funcs and employee login funcs.

13.Do it in the same way. 

14.So enjoy folks. i have explained as simpler as i could.But any more info you can leave a comment or refer youtube for videos :) 

15. All the Best .!! Hamara BHARATH ! Hamara India ! JAI HINDH .!! 
